Added example (#1517)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Typo3CoreEngine/Database/Index.rst

.. index:: DataHandler; Data array
.. _tce-data:

Accessing the uid of copied records:
------------------------------------

> 

Reviewer: I'd first start with an explanation of `copyMappingArray_merged` here, when it is filled, how it's structure looks like, etc. Then the following example is way easier to understand then just :man_shrugging:

Author: Well, it's pretty much 🤷‍♂️ to me as well, as I just stumbled upon it. 😄 

I added my observations  and a warning about `copyMappingArray`.

::

   $cmd['tt_content'][1203]['copy'] = 400;  // Copies tt_content uid=1203 to first position in page uid=400
   $dataHandler->start([], $cmd);
   $dataHandler->process-cmdmap()
   
   $uid = $dataHandler->copyMappingArray_merged['tt_content][1203];

> ..

Reviewer: This and the empty lines before should be dropped.

.. index:: DataHandler; Data array
.. _tce-data:

Accessing the uid of copied records:
------------------------------------

> Every instance of DataHandler contains an array called :php:`$copyMappingArray_merged` which holds information about all copy operations the instance has performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :php:`DataHandler` keeps track of records created by :code:`copy` operations in its :php:`$copyMappingArray_merged` property. This property is public and can be used to determine the UID of a record copy based on the UID of the copied record.
```

.. caution::

>    Not to be confused with :php:`$copyMappingArray` which contains only information about the last copy operation and is cleared between new ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :php:`$copyMappingArray_merged` property should not be confused with the :php:`$copyMappingArray` property which contains only information about the last copy operation and is cleared between each operation.
```

> ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure of the :php:`$copyMappingArray_merged` property looks like this::
```

>    $copyMappingArray = [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $copyMappingArray_merged = [
```

>       'tt_content' => [
>          1203 => 1275,
>          54 => 1276
>       ],
>       'pages' => [
>          891 => 1277
>       ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <table> => [
         <original-record-uid> => <record-copy-uid>,
      ],
```

   ];
..

> The keys of the array represent the names of the manipulated tables which in return contain arrays with the uids of original records as keys. The values of each index in the innermost arrays represent the newly copied records uid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The property contains the names of the manipulated tables as keys and a map of original record UIDs and UIDs of record copies as values.
```
